# CS360-M8-Journal

The inventory mobile application was developed with specific requirements in mind for the target users, which include warehouse staff and managers. The user needed to be able to add, view, update, and delete inventory items from within the app. The app also had an optional feature allowing the user to set up low inventory alerts for when item inventory counts reach zero. In essence, the app was designed to fill the users need to keep track of inventory. 
The app's UI components consist of a view for viewing inventory in a grid fashhion as well as a sub-view for editing the inventory items information such as name, description, and inventory count. The UI was designed to be simple and efficient to aid the user in doing their job more efficiently. In terms of coding, my approach was to create clean, efficient, and modular code. Coding in this fashion allowed me to implement each new feature we added over time with less effort. Testing was equally important, and to ensure that the app functioned properly and was free of errors I tested for several edge  and corner cases to ensure that no bugs were present. 
Some innovation was required in implementing the controller functionality. The model and the view were relatively explicit in their functional and nonfunctional requirements. Implementing the controller logic required me to balance a pleasing user interface with a properly functioning model and I think I hit the target perfectly. I feel as if this was also an area where I was particularly efficient in demonstrating my knowledge, skills, and experience. 
